Add terraform version command (#1016)
hashicorp/terraform-ls: docs/commands.md

  }
}
```

### `module.terraform`

Provides information about the terraform binary version for the current module.

**Arguments:**

 - `uri` - URI of the directory of the module in question, e.g. `file:///path/to/network`

**Outputs:**

 - `v` - describes version of the format; Will be used in the future to communicate format changes.
 - `required_version` - Version constraint specified in configuration

>  - `discovered_version` - Version discovered from `terraform version --json` using the `uri` given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `discovered_version` - Version discovered from `terraform version --json` in the directory specified in `uri`
```
